This time, we will also talk about a routine, so make sure you have the development server started
and browser directed at this local Eurail den in called Let's open the Web File with the Roots.
So in this lecture, we will see two things.
First, one is how to get the least of all the routes defined in your application so you can do that
through the terminal, through an artisan command, actually.
So let's open the terminal in VS code.
I will use a shortcut control field.
You can check for your system in the View menu terminal was the shortcut for opening the terminal inside.
Very cold.
So the command is speech artisan route Kolon.
Least now this is how the list looks like currently.
So it has some useful parameters.
Now, if we would define another route, it should show up in here.
So let me close the terminal so we can have another practice of defining a route.
Let's define our contact route.
This will be just a simple page, returning the text.
Contact.
Save the charges, let's go back to the browser and verify if this actually works during this.
Now, going back to VSC cold, open the terminal again, using control Tilda.
And running the artisan route, at least again, will now show our newly defined route.
Not eased up, the name parameter of all of our routes is empty and actually having named routes is
very useful whenever you need to generate.
Are you around to certain page, let's say to this contact page, it's better to use some name you can
remember instead of relying on the your URL that might easily change in the future to give you routes
some name you might chain a call to unnamed method.
For example, we can call those two routes, let's say home index, and the second one can be called
home contact.
This is how you give your routes names.
Now, if you will run a bipartisan route list again, they all have names.
So you want to immediately see the benefits of giving routes, names.
We'll have to move forward a little bit with the course.
But for now, I need you to trust me that this is the best practice.